well Taliban's playing Draven so I think
they're gonna win that's all I got
did you did you run into him at all I
did yeah intimidate you had to look up
to him right I don't want to talk shit
because I think he's gonna come for me
but I think it was my first time meeting
him in person and he's definitely not
tall and I expect here and third place
match is done I'm joined right now by
bjergsen wheel covers presented by Omni
sash here in Auckland for the Summer
2018 finals event bjergsen gotta say
thanks to Omni / cuz they've covered
this and I'm now interviewing you you
you got third place you won today I
expected I predicted a 3-1 for TSM I saw
andhe earlier today on the red carpet he
predicted a 3-1 400 theives mathe
protected a 304 you guys we were all
wrong why did it go to five five games
um I felt like we just made some really
key mistakes in the early game in some
of the games especially the games that
we lost actually the first game that we
lost was more just army game execution
and laying around barren and we kind of
messed the whole thing up but felt like
we gave them a lot of ocean Drake's
which is really really powerful and
their the game because it kind of swings
every Lane that you get free sustain
free mana you kind of don't have to
worry about that thing at all anymore
and I feel like we weren't afraid to
make plays but that just led to a lot
more mistakes earlier in the game but
hopefully that's something we can kind
of take to improve on rather than just
not doing anything earlier in the game
but uh seems like not a lot of not a lot
of our place turned out well early on in
the games what was your take of hundred
thieves that matched after playing them
where do you think they went wrong or
where do you think they played strong I
feel like I guess I guess under these it
was kind of we felt like it was kind of
up to us to make mistakes and us to be
proactive it didn't feel like they were
forcing us into too many bad positions
and even in the game when I paid bail
cause we got destroyed early game and we
kind of felt like we could just sit back
and we would play the mid game better
than them and we were able to um but
it's always hard judging how good a team
is when you're playing on stage and a
best-of-five because every player plays
a little worse
the macros a little worse there's always
a little bit of disconnect and yeah I
think it's hard to say how good hunter
these isn't even how good we are based
on these matches it's it is interesting
to sort of try to figure out the the
strengths of you guys you know it's been
an interesting split for TSM it's been
an interesting play for me cover you
guys I don't think we've spoken a while
what does this whole experience been
like for you because I actually I think
about bio for us a little bit who his
his splits
he just had success after success after
success you've had to deal with a little
bit more of a struggle I think but
similar story like this is kind of a
weird split for you I imagine uh yeah
it's weird but I've also had my fair
share of failures maybe not even in the
NA LCS but even at Worlds and when I was
back in Europe so it's not something
ibly new to me but we definitely had a
lot of struggles kind of finding our
groove and we still are I feel like in
practice we aren't improving a lot and
we're getting closer to kind of how we
want to play and what team you want to
be but then we go on stage and feels
like something is not quite right or
there's just they were not making the
right adaptations or just we haven't
really figured out exactly how how we
click where some other teams like TL and
c9 seems like they have a very clear-cut
kind of way they want to play the game
which i think is why they are in the
finals but I think playing so many games
on stage in playoffs is very helpful for
us to hopefully find that identity for
us as the struggle and the loss is
weight on you all not just this year or
have you been able to get through it
okay hmm kind of had my ups and downs in
this foot I I tried not doing a whole
lot outside the game and really focusing
hard on putting a lot of hours in and
helping my teammates improve and playing
a lot of silico and I reached a point
where we were not doing well that it
took a toll on me mentally because I
need it I found out that I do need a
little bit of an escape or I needed to
do something else every once in a while
so that's kind of what I started doing
towards the end of this one and I feel
like it's it allowed me to kind of let
loose a little bit more in the games and
not feel like my life depends on how
well I perform in every single match so
that was kind of I guess my learning
experience throughout the split we were
joking before the interview
about how last week after the cloud9
match I tweeted about how I was you know
happy to see golden blue succeed after
all the years he put in you favorited
the tweet and I wasn't sure for a while
if that was a passive a guess of
favorite where I was like cheering for
your opponent or you know what it was
but we were talking before any you you
were okay with that um yeah : who's been
a friend of mine for we're a closer
friend for the last year or two and I
was talking to him when he was talking
to c9 about joining their Academy team
and I helped give him advice on kind of
what different teams he could look to
join and his opportunities so he's
always a player that I wanted to see
succeed not succeed against me
specifically and not made me go to the
finals but where regardless there is a
little bit of joy in that that it is
Dennis Smith's career and my really good
friend and goal and glue my other friend
that beat me feels better than losing -
jessalyn blabber I have to say but of
course I would rather be in the finals
myself if I could
who do you think is gonna take finals
tomorrow I still think TL is slightly
stronger right now they just look like a
really small team and the meta is pretty
good for them right now
I think also going up against c9
licorice is just gonna match impacts
tanks which is kind of where both of
them have shined playing the tank role
so it's really gonna come down to bot
lane but I see TL having the stronger
bot lane
yeah I think it's just gonna be similar
to our game it's gonna come down to
these long games team fights especially
the balling and pressure it's gonna be
really important so now you head into
the gauntlet what do you feel about do
you think it's gonna be an easy trip for
you are you are jus would you like to
see cloud 9 win tomorrow so you don't
have to worry about them and the
gauntlet I mean what's your take there I
mean c9 winning would probably make it
easier for us also I was thinking about
this that if we are to place you know in
the gauntlet they have better practice
partners because they have a really
strong academy team that they can
practice and our Academy teams kind of
taking time off some of them are going
home so it wouldn't be favorable for us
to play them just because they have such
a strong sister team that they can play
and prepare against I don't think it's
gonna be easy for us obviously I do
think we are better than we show today
and we didn't show too many pics or team
comps or strategies so we still have a
lot kind of
left to pull out in those matches and
then finally taking step back and
returning to this event as it gotten old
yet how are you gotten used to the idea
of just walking on stage and everybody
losing their mind or the TSM chance
during the games or is that stuff still
power you definitely having gone you
suit I think this event was actually
especially nice for me because it wasn't
life or death this time around it's just
a matter of we win we get one less best
surviving in Garland's or whatever so I
was kind of able to kind of enjoy the
experience a little bit more enjoy being
here in Oakland seeing the arena being
the fans seeing my face huge on the
Oracle Arena
my brother was really excited to see
that because he was here watching a
basketball match earlier this year yeah
so I just kind of wanted to try to get
as much joy out of this event as
possible and have Greek have kind of his
best experience possible being the first
time on stage so it was a little
different for me it wasn't the same kind
of extreme focus on the game I have to
win no matter what I don't want to do
content I don't want to go take pictures
at Oracle Arena it's like I could kind
of soak it all in a little bit more and
finally everybody's talking about this
much every talking about first and
second but right now you've got the show
match the best of all time Tyler won a
man who I had heard you know was told
you know people write or like just don't
bring him up don't talk about him now
he's on stage next to freak playing
first off do you feel a little sad that
you know like despite you playing in
this pipe match the real hype matches is
the one coming after you with Tyler won
I noticed there were more and more fans
coming in game by game they were hoping
can please just get the stupid match
over with so I can watch Tyler one play
and I mean I think it's really cool that
ride is doing this and they're bringing
the streamers out and kind of giving
more entertainment also just more
entertaining for the fans that are here
live who's gonna win I don't know can I
see what champions are playing well pull
will pull it back well Tom Owens playing
Draven so I think they're gonna win
that's long ago did you did you run into
him at all I did yeah intimidate you had
to look up to him right I don't want to
talk shit because I think he's gonna
come for me but I think it was my first
time meeting him in person and he's uh
definitely lot taller than I expected
yeah yeah I haven't seen
duck into doorways and stuff it's it's
difficult he's an impressive big arms
yes kind of
it's intimidating he wrestled the
microphone out of AA valise poor hands
shoes just had she stood no chance
anything that you want to say to any of
the fans who are watching this may be a
little nervous about the countly coming
up and and hoping you guys make worlds
don't worry I play other champions and
zillion I did hear the fans that said
stop being a player SAS since every game
that I walked on stated people yelled
that every single time and there's
people with big signs saying just please
play assassins don't worry I can still
play assassins we weren't exactly hiding
pics but we were kind of being a little
mindful of not showing everything that
we have and yeah just thank you guys for
still coming out here and I'm still
supporting us even though we are playing
not as exciting or important of a match
it's still a joy to play in front of
such a crowd well thank you so much for
the interview congratulations on the win
today looking forward to seeing what you
guys could pull out in the gauntlet
hopefully some assassin so it sounds
like the fans would really look at for
everyone else you could check out the
rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
hope you enjoyed the interview we're all
done now at finals gauntlets coming up
super hype I want to thank Romney / so
much for their support of the content
that I've been making throughout this
whole year including the smiles it's so
great thank you for your support
please sub to the YouTube channel if you
haven't because they know a lot of you
haven't I think half of you haven't
watching this video based off some stats
that I've seen then you follow me on
Twitch all that stuff is in the
description again thanks so much to ami
/ and thanks for watching